# D15 Movie Lovers Quiz
This is the comapnion quiz site to the D15 Movie Lovers Club. View the live project here: 



# User Experience UX
- ## User Stories
- ### <u>First Time Visitor Goals</u>
* As a first time visitor I want to see a simple, uncluttered easy to use quiz game.
* I want the questions easy to read and clear how to select and submit the answer.
* I want to see my question scores and to know when the quiz has ended.

- ### <u>Returning Visitor Goals</u>
* As a returning visitor I may want to join the club and I want to see that line of navigation clearly displayed.
* The links to the clubs main page should be clear and open in a new tab should I want to continue with the quiz later.

- ### <u>Frequent User Goals</u>
* As a frequent user I want to see questions updated very regularly and have the quiz expanded to include more aspects of the club (include special quizes related to recent screenings with the club)


# Design
- ### <u>Colour Scheme</u> 
* The main page background colour is #2e2931 and the game title a lighter #B4BFB0
* The game screen div was coloured #246858 with a border colour of standard red.
* The buttons were coloured differently with a view to make them prominent against the background colours but also with an aim to make them seem part of the overall scheme. The idea of the colour scheme was to create the dimly light, greens and greys usually associated with a trip to an old cinema.
* The colour schemes were selected with the help of colormind.io and mycolor.space.

- ### <u>Typography</u> 
* Sans-serif is used throughout the site to keep in style with the D15 Movie Lovers Club (the hypothetical club created for my first portfolio project)

- ### <u>Imagery</u>
* No images were used in this site. However it is the developers plan to add image based questions at a later date.

- ### <u>Wireframes</u>
- All Devices
    
- Desktop
    
- Tablet
   

- Mobile
   

- ### <u>Features</u>
* Naturally responsive design for a range of devices from Phones to tablets to desktops. The site is naturally responsive and didnt require media queries to force responsive design to different screen sizes.
* Nav links display underlined when on the target page.
* Nav links contain a Hover attribute.
* join us button changes colour when the cursor hovers 

# Technologies used
* HTML
* CSS
* Hover
* Git Pod
* Git Hub
* Balsamiq
* mycolor.space
* CSS Button Generator
* ami.responsivedesign.is
* JSHint
* CSS Jigsaw validator
* HTML W3 Validator
* educative.io
* W3 Docs
* W3 Schools
* StackOverflow
* Code Institute Course Content, primarily the Javascript module including teh Love Maths walkthrough project

- ### <u>Testing</u>
* HTML validation - 
* CSS validation - 
* JavaScript validation - 

# <u>Testing User Stories</u>
## First Time Visitor
* User is presented with the Start Quiz and Rules buttons clearly. Also the link to the club main page is clearly visible.
* Once the game starts teh questions, answers and submit button are neatly contained in a game screen clearly identifiable.
* Correct scores and Incorrect scores are also clealry displayed

# Returning Visitor
* Navigation links are clear and feature a hover display to help with users if they want to visit the clubs main page.
* The button to the clubs sign up page is also prominent and featurs a hover display. It links to the clubs sign up page in a separate tab.

# Frequent Visitor
* The questions should be updated regularly to service the club members as well as potential new members.

# Further Testing
* The site was tested on all contemporary browsers including Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge and Safari browsers.
* The website was viewed on a variety of devices such as desktop, laptop, iOS and Android devices.
* Complete site navigation testing was done.

- ### Deployment
* Deployed to GitHub

- ### Credits
# Content
* All content created by developer, except the button styling which was imported from CSS Button Generator
* Colour Gradient recommendations on the buttons generated by CSS Button Generator

- ### Acknowledgements
* Thanks to my mentor for helpful feedback and recommendations.
* Tutor support at Code Institute.




